[SOAR-2241] - Added 'Quarantine Asset with Rapid7 Insight Agent from Slack' workflow (#275)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Quarantine_Asset_with_Rapid7_Insight_Agent_from_Slack/help.md

# Description

This workflow allows for fast quarantine and unquarantine from Slack of an asset that has the [Insight Agent](https://docs.rapid7.com/insight-agent/) installed. 

Sample Slack Trigger Commands:

`@Rapid7 InsightConnect quarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100"`

`@Rapid7 InsightConnect unquarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100"`

For batches of assets, more than one IP can be specified

`@Rapid7 InsightConnect unquarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100 198.51.100.101 198.51.100.102"`

# Key Features

* Quickly respond to threats by quarantining endpoints from Slack
* Reduce the time it takes to contain an endpoint

# Requirements

> * [Insight Platform API Key](https://docs.rapid7.com/insight/managing-platform-api-keys/)

Reviewer: Maybe we put this line in the requirements? Up to you 
```suggestion
* [Insight Platform API Key](https://docs.rapid7.com/insight/managing-platform-api-keys/) The Insight Agent is available for deployment to any customer with InsightVM, InsightIDR, or InsightOps.
```

* [Slack](https://docs.rapid7.com/insightconnect/configure-slack-for-chatops/)

# Documentation

## Setup

Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect. Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.

> Once the workflow has been imported, Update the first step with the channel name to suit your Slack environment by editing the input with the preset text of `change_me` to match the channel to monitor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the workflow has been imported, **update the first step with the channel name to suit your Slack environment** by editing the input with the preset text of `change_me` to match the channel to monitor.
```

# Description

> This work flow allows for fast quarantine and unquarantine of asset that have an [Insight Agent](https://docs.rapid7.com/insight-agent/) installed on them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow will quickly quarantine and unquarantine assets with the [Insight Agent](https://docs.rapid7.com/insight-agent/) installed on them via a Slack command and reports information back to Slack. The Insight Agent is available for deployment to any customer with InsightVM, InsightIDR, or InsightOps. This workflow identifies one or more assets in the form of IP addresses.
```

> This work flow allows for fast quarantine and unquarantine of asset that have an [Insight Agent](https://docs.rapid7.com/insight-agent/) installed on them. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This workflow allows for fast quarantine and unquarantine of an asset that has the [Insight Agent](https://docs.rapid7.com/insight-agent/) installed. 
```

Sample Slack Trigger Commands:

> `@Rapid7 quarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`@Rapid7 InsightConnect quarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100"`
```

> `@Rapid7 unquarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`@Rapid7 InsightConnect unquarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100"`
```

For batches of assets, more than one IP can be specified

> `@Rapid7 unquarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100 198.51.100.101 198.51.100.102"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`@Rapid7 InsightConnect unquarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100 198.51.100.101 198.51.100.102"`
```

# Key Features

> * Quickly respond to threats with slack. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Quickly respond to threats with slack
```

> * Quickly respond to threats with slack. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Quickly respond to threats from Slack. 
```

> * Quickly respond to threats from Slack. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Quickly respond to threats by quarantining endpoints from Slack. 
```

> * Keep users happy by getting them back online quickly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Quarantine and unquarantine assets
* Keep users happy by getting them back online quickly
```

> * Keep users happy by getting them back online quickly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Reduce the time it takes to contain an endpoint
```

# Requirements

> * [Insight Agent](https://docs.rapid7.com/insight-agent/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Slack](https://docs.rapid7.com/insightconnect/configure-slack-for-chatops/)
* [Insight Agent](https://docs.rapid7.com/insight-agent/)
```

> * [Insight Platform](https://docs.rapid7.com/insight/managing-platform-api-keys/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Insight Platform API Key](https://docs.rapid7.com/insight/managing-platform-api-keys/)
```

# Documentation

## Setup

Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect. Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.

> Activate the workflow in order to trigger with a Slack command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the workflow has been imported, update the first step with the channel name to suit your Slack environment by editing the input with the preset text of change_me to match the channel to monitor.

After configuring the Slack steps, activate the workflow in order to trigger it with a Slack command.
```

> ### Usage

Reviewer 2: We don't need this section, it's duplicating the notes from the overview. Remove Usage section and add missing directions:

```
Once the workflow has been imported, Update the first step with the channel name to suit your Slack environment! by editing the input with the preset text of `change_me` to match the channel to monitor.
```

This workflow uses the Chat Ops Slack connection to listen for key messages. When the Slack command triggers this workflow, it will quarantine or unquarantine assets.

To trigger this workflow, send a direct message to Rapid7 InsightConnect from Slack like the following:

`@Rapid7 quarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100"`

To unquarantine an endpoint you can use:

`@Rapid7 unquarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100"`

For batches of assets, more than one IP can be specified

`@Rapid7 unquarantine-endpoint 198.51.100.100 198.51.100.101 198.51.100.102"`

## Technical Details

Plugins utilized by workflow:

|Plugin|Version|Count|
|----|----|--------|
|Rapid7 Insight Agent|1.0.0|3|

## Troubleshooting

_There is no troubleshooting information at this time_

> # Version History

Reviewer 2: This is a different plugin's version history
